 One day, I suddenly received a message from a long lost classmates. Someone in Heldinvey in the Times is for many years. In the last day, his dad, he had been working in another city for the past few years and had just returned to our hometown. He mentioned that he wanted to talk to me with about something. It has been two years since we lost to each other. And thinking back to our high school days, I could help but feel a bit emotional. So I decided to match up with him and catch up. We agreed to match at a quiet coffee. A place I would choose from quickly. I arrived early thinking that since it has been so long since we lost match, he probably had a lot to say. After a while, I finally saw him work into the coffee. He seemed to have hardly charged. So we are really bright and stunning smile. Once we started out, he began talking about past. From tribal silk matters to our lives now. Grandly, the topic started to take a strange turn. He showed me that he had made some investments over the years and met some interesting people, even imagining that he was now having some very complicated business transactions. Listening to this, I was somehow indifferent but did think much about it. However, as we looked at him speaking about his peculiarities, I understood the strange sense of unreliable origin. Looking back, he had been the most natural and person background throughout the conversation. I noticed that he had a mesh in the panoramic and the people I know nothing about. And he had become increasingly mysterious just when I was out to leave. His unique journey picked me to a place to show me his new project. We walked out of the coffee and right in front of the building. He looked like a bearing factory, but he suddenly saw that it was his coffee, his orbit. I was puzzled why would an investor choose such a place while orbiting? Even so, his parents come and told me or told me they were in empty orbit. I started to feel that something was off, but when I turned around, the health drinks seemed unfamiliar. One, I laughed, he said to me, you're all in welcome to come back, we still have lots to cover. After I laughed, I still couldn't start if the night was real or not, especially when being in orbit looked.