 Looking back at my childhood travel, I came to Tibet in the early 12th, where I was in force with this old son. As well as the most magical experience, it was my first time traveling to such a unique state. And even now almost a year later, the memory reminded me my mind. I remember how my dad came running me to a slow, because of the altitude. So of course, the energetic fast-quick. I barely listen until I actually felt the same, making me sad, easy. Mom was constantly making me drink water and watching me like a funk. To our innocence of altitude six minutes. Somehow, the death's personalized made other things feel more adventure. Luckily, we were at the floor on a special mission. The local food was accompanied with a relation to my young past thoughts. I can still remember my first date of age. It was nothing like a fact. At first, I went to my north to the UNIX study, such as Tibet. But by the end of our trip, I was actually asking for more. The island barely was everywhere, in bridge, lakes, and even things. So, altitude is made of walls, quite initially, because of the trees, but enough loving cookies so much. That we bought several cookies home. The last date was three weeks with taking even some minus years of self. The most beautiful weather, colorful, clear, black, late in the winter. And the snow-covered mountains, dancing to treasure clothes. So this is also like stepping into a different world. I remember seeing me as my parents, watching the special times of mountains, in cities of gold and the purple. We were like, we were on top of the world. We made this memory, but truly special now is how it shifts my understanding of culture that was the essential young age. It's amazing how the parents from our childhood continued to express our perspective as they grew older. And so, I remember seeing the first time I was in the world, I remember seeing the first time I was in the world, I remember seeing the first time I was in the world, I remember seeing the first time I was in the world, I remember seeing the first time I was in the world,